bpo-42158: Add MIME types for n-triples, n-quads, n3 and trig (#23230)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-11-10-17-46-12.bpo-42158.OhxAiH.rst

> Add MIME types for N-quads, N-triples, Notation3 and Trix to `Lib/mimetypes.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add MIME types for N-quads, N-triples, Notation3 and TriG to ``mimetypes``.
```
